_pages/teaching.md, before:

---
layout: page
permalink: /teaching/
title: Teaching
description: A list of courses detailing my teaching experience.
nav: true
nav_order: 4
---

### Graduate Teaching Assistant

#### Brown University

- Fall 2023. _Applied Research Methods for Economists_ (ECON 1629). Professor Lorenzo Lagos.
  - Undergraduate course covering tools for applied research in Economics.<br><br>

- Spring 2020. _Industrial Organization_ (ECON 1460). Professor Grigorios Siourounis.
  - Undergraduate course covering theoretical and empirical topics in Industrial Organization.<br><br>

- Fall 2019. _Intermediate Microeconomics_ (ECON 1100). Professor Pedro dal Bo.
  - Undergraduate course covering theory of consumer demand, theories of the firm, market behavior, welfare economics, and general equilibrium.

#### Universidad del CEMA

- Spring 2018. _Mathematical Economics_. Professor Manuel Calderón.
  - Graduate course covering mathematical tools for economic analysis.<br><br>

- Fall 2017. _Political Analysis 2_. Professor Jorge Streb.
  - Graduate course for political science developing Game Theory tools.<br><br>

## Lecturer

- December 2022. _Applied Econometrics with R_. Ministerio de Trabajo, Argentina.
  - 4 classes covering econometrics tools for applied research and their implementation in R.<br><br>

- Summer 2022. _Behavioral Game Theory_. Pre-college programs at Brown University.
  - 2 week course covering an introduction to Game Theory and Behavioral Economics.<br><br>

- April 2021. _Applied Econometrics with R_. Universidad del CEMA.
  - 9 classes covering econometrics tools for applied research and their implementation in R.
  Syllabus available [here](../assets/pdf/syllabus_ucema_short_course.pdf).<br><br>

- Summer 2020. _Behavioral Game Theory, online_. Pre-college programs at Brown University.
  - 4 week course covering an introduction to Game Theory and Behavioral Economics.<br><br>

- Summer 2019. _Behavioral Game Theory_. Pre-college programs at Brown University.
  - 2 week course covering an introduction to Game Theory and Behavioral Economics.<br><br>

- 2015-2017. _Methodology of the Social Sciences_. Universidad de Buenos Aires.
  - First-year undergraduate course covering an introduction to the scientific method, with an emphasis on Economics.<br><br>

Commit message:

Add CV and teaching evaluations

_pages/teaching.md, after:

---
layout: page
permalink: /teaching/
title: Teaching
description: A list of courses detailing my teaching experience.
nav: true
nav_order: 4
---

### Graduate Teaching Assistant

#### Brown University

- Fall 2023. _Applied Research Methods for Economists_ (ECON 1629). Professor Lorenzo Lagos.
  - Undergraduate course covering tools for applied research in Economics.
  <br><br>

- Spring 2020. _Industrial Organization_ (ECON 1460). Professor Grigorios Siourounis.
  - Undergraduate course covering theoretical and empirical topics in Industrial Organization.
  - Teaching evaluations available [here](../assets/pdf/evaluations_IO_spring2020.pdf). Selected students' feedback:
    - _"He was helpful in distilling course material and highlighting key concepts and strategies for applying the material."_
    - _"Clearly explained concepts covered in class and helped me review for exams."_
    - _"He was always really prepared and gave detailed answers to questions, even over e-mail! After we went remote, I relied on the e-mail help a lot, and he was always a great resource."_
    <br><br>

- Fall 2019. _Intermediate Microeconomics_ (ECON 1100). Professor Pedro dal Bo.
  - Undergraduate course covering theory of consumer demand, theories of the firm, market behavior, welfare economics, and general equilibrium.
  - Teaching evaluations available [here](../assets/pdf/evaluations_interm_micro_fall2019.pdf). Selected students' feedback:
    - _"He always explains the bigger picture and IS SO KNOWLEDGEABLE. Very responsive to emails."_
    - _"Very good at explaining concepts, will draw diagrams out for you and everything."_
    - _"He was very knowledgable and he guided students to the solutions well"_

#### Universidad del CEMA

- Spring 2018. _Mathematical Economics_. Professor Manuel Calderón.
  - Graduate course covering mathematical tools for economic analysis.
  <br><br>

- Fall 2017. _Political Analysis 2_. Professor Jorge Streb.
  - Graduate course for political science developing Game Theory tools.
  <br><br>

## Lecturer

- December 2022. _Applied Econometrics with R_. Ministerio de Trabajo, Argentina.
  - 4 classes covering econometrics tools for applied research and their implementation in R.
  <br><br>

- Summer 2022. _Behavioral Game Theory_. Pre-college programs at Brown University.
  - 2 week course covering an introduction to Game Theory and Behavioral Economics.
  <br><br>

- April 2021. _Applied Econometrics with R_. Universidad del CEMA.
  - 9 classes covering econometrics tools for applied research and their implementation in R.
  Syllabus available [here](../assets/pdf/syllabus_ucema_short_course.pdf).
  <br><br>

- Summer 2020. _Behavioral Game Theory, online_. Pre-college programs at Brown University.
  - 4 week course covering an introduction to Game Theory and Behavioral Economics.
  <br><br>

- Summer 2019. _Behavioral Game Theory_. Pre-college programs at Brown University.
  - 2 week course covering an introduction to Game Theory and Behavioral Economics.
  <br><br>

- 2015-2017. _Methodology of the Social Sciences_. Universidad de Buenos Aires.
  - First-year undergraduate course covering an introduction to the scientific method, with an emphasis on Economics.
  <br><br>
